Makers and managers play fundamentally different roles within a company, but both are needed for a company to succeed.  Makers tend to focus on complex problems for longer periods of time.  Managers spread their time across a broad set of low-complexity problems for shorter periods of time.  Based on these role and work style differences, there are several ways managers can more effectively work with makers. 

First, managers should never interrupt makers since they often need to focus their undivided attention on a single complex problem for a period of time.  Interrupting makers will inhibit their ability to efficiently and effectively solve problems.  One solution for this problem would be to have developers use ping pong paddles with red and green sides to indicate whether they are busy or available to chat.
-
Second, managers should try to promote a sustainable pace for makers and not expect them to work 60-80 hours a week.  Makers develop solutions to complex problems using logical problem solving skills and creativity, which both decline with lack of sleep. Therefore it is important as a manager to ensure that developers are only working 40-50 hours a week so they are getting enough sleep and taking care of themselves.

Finally, managers should expect developers to work remotely part of the time.  Since makers are often focusing individually on a project for long periods of time, they may not require the same level of face time as managers.  Therefore, makers expect to be able to work from home regularly.  Mangers should ensure that remote workplace solutions, such as Slack and Tito, are in place.
